doc: Bluetooth spring cleaning 📜🧹 (#70679)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/bluetooth-dev.rst

> There are 4 possible hardware setups to use with Zephyr and Bluetooth:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 possible setups to use with Zephyr and Bluetooth:
```
